---
layout: default
title: WebApplication
nav_order: 1
---

The WebApplication is a web application that allows the configuration, maintenance, management and control of users, usage and status of the Synths*. The Ethidea WebApplication is exclusive to Ethidea members. Login to the page is allowed only for a user to whom the system administrators (EaziU) have allowed access. A user with administrator permissions is defined as an **administrator** and is able to access and operate within the Ethidea WebApplication. An Ethidea user who uses the service offered by Ethidea itself is defined as a **patient**. It is important to define two words widely used later: **sequence** and **therapy**.
* Sequence: is a set of targeted electromagnetic pulses generated by the Synth* and triggered individually.
* Therapy: a finite set of sequences. Therefore a therapy is a set of electromagnetic signals of longer duration and with multiple objectives.

## Sign in or sign up
The Web Application is available at the link **[TODO](TODO)** and looks like the following **ADD PICTURE**. You can enter your credentials by logging in. In case of first access, the system recognizes a new user and requests registration (sign up). After registering, the system sends an email so you can confirm that your email is correct. The application now shows the Sequences, Therapies and UDevices page. As well as the standard symbol of its user within the site.

## Sequences
It allows the administrator to insert, remove and modify all the sequences necessary for the functioning of the system. When the page is started, the list of sequences that have previously been loaded into the system is shown. By clicking on the *New Sequence* button it is possible to add a new sequence by typing its name, duration and loading the binary file (.bin) which represents the sequence. The loading takes place in trag and drop mode so it will not be necessary to search for the binary file within the local disk of the machine but it is sufficient to drag it within the web page. The *Save* button saves the new sequence and shows it in the table which will automatically reload.

## Therapies
It allows the administrator to manage therapies for individual patients, inserting new ones or deleting those already created. In any case, it is not possible to modify a therapy that has already been entered. However, it is possible to remove it and insert it again modified. The modification of therapies is a prevented so as to avoid carrying out therapies that could be modified in progress. When started, the application shows the list of therapies already entered sorted by name, surname, email, the progress status and the list of therapies entered. It is only possible to remove a therapy that has already been entered even if it has not yet started.

The process of entering a therapy, from its creation to execution by the Synth* is explained below.

### Ethidea owner's side
1. Click on the *New Therapy* button.
2. Insertion of the patient email, choice of therapies list and confirmation.
3. Status now shows **TODO** (-9).

### Patient's size
4. The patient receives an email at the email address indicated in point 2. in which confirmation of the list of therapies is requested.
5. The patient clicks on the link in the email and is directed to the Ethidea service page.
6. If the patient is already an Ethidea user, then it is possibile to log in application by entering email and password, otherwise registration is required as per the standard process (email and password) followed by confirmation of the email entered by sending an email to the corresponding mailbox.

### Ethidea owner's side
7. Now the email has been confirmed and the administrator will be able to verify the confirmation on the Therapies webpage.
